Keda development guide (#100)
kyma-project/keda-manager: docs/keda-demo-application.md

## Keda Demo Application

> This demo application shows how to scale k8s workloads using Keda API based on a simple CPU consumption case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo application shows how to scale the Kubernetes workloads using Keda API based on a simple CPU consumption case.
```

> Please refer to Keda documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the Keda documentation:
```

>  - [API of Scaled Object Custom Resource](https://keda.sh/docs/2.9/concepts/scaling-deployments/#scaledobject-spec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [API of Scaled Object Custom Resource](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/concepts/scaling-deployments/#scaledobject-spec)
```

 - [Available scalers](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/scalers/)

It consists of:
 - order-service deployment (serving as a scale target)
 - busybox deployment (generating trafic)

>  - scaled object using simple CPU based trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - scaled object using a simple CPU-based trigger
```

### Deploy Demo Application

```bash
kubectl apply -f examples/keda-cpu-scaler-demo.yml
```

### Verify Demo Application

You should see that scaled object is created and has a status READY:

```bash
kunectl get scaledobjects.keda.sh -n keda-demo
NAME                        SCALETARGETKIND      SCALETARGETNAME   MIN   MAX   TRIGGERS   AUTHENTICATION   READY   ACTIVE   FALLBACK   AGE
orders-service-cpu-scaler   apps/v1.Deployment   orders-service    1     10    cpu                         True    True     Unknown    8m3s
```

> You should also see that after a while Keda has engaged kubernetes' horizontal pod autoscaler that is controlling the amount of the replicas of the target deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also see that after a while, Keda has engaged the Kubernetes HorizontalPodAutoscaler, which controls the number of replicas of the target deployment.
```
